Calendar – Holiday Calendar

 
Raj is a manager at Riverus, so one of his activities is to keep tab of everyone’s holiday plans. Writing it down in a diary seems too old fashioned, and keeping an excel just does not cut it. He wants you to make a simple app for him.

 
This app shows the 30/31 days of the current month on the screen, arranged as cubes.
He can go to any month of any year by clicking the forward or backward button.
When he is on any month, he wants all the holidays to come up as he hovers over a particular date.
 
Let’s say Raj wants to hover over 30th October 2020 to see who all are on leave.  He should see the following:

 Details to capture

	1) Name and Email of the person who is on a holiday
	2) The start and end date of the particular holiday (If it is just one day then the date, or if its multiple days then start date - end date, e.g. 30th Oct '20 (Fri) - 5th Nov '20 (Thurs))
 
Now, Raj is also the one who enters this information. So he wants a small form on the left side where he can choose to enter a holiday plan for anyone. When a new holiday is entered the details that will get stored are:

	1) Name and Email of the person who is on a holiday
	2) The start and end date of the particular holiday
 
What you need to do:

Database:

Database needs to be created to store the information.
Populate it with some holidays for people you know.
Start with the design, schemas (if needed), and then move to creation.
 

API Development:

The API's will have to be thought of for serving this information and also for storing new information.
Design keeping the front end development in mind.
Then, move on to development.
 

Front End:

Lastly, the front end design and development for consuming the API's and also a decent design using Bootstrap, HTML and CSS.
 

No libraries should be used for the calendar or the form, it should be developed from scratch.

Libraries that can be used:

Bootstrap
JQuery
Webpack (Front end hosting on server)
Express (Back end server)
PG (node-postgres)
You can use fonts from Google for a better design
               

Front-End : Javascript Vanilla/React/Vue
Back-End : NodeJS with Express
Database : Postgres
 
Time : 4 Days